Updated onboarding information (#86)
steno-aarhus/research: onboarding/getting-started/index.md

It is your supervisor's responsibility to find you a "buddy", if they are not available to give the introduction themselves. Please ask your
supervisor about it if you have further questions.

### Onboarding

Either your supervisor or your "buddy" will walk you through the relevant onboarding pages and give you
an overview of the topics that you need to be aware of.

We suggest that you use this agenda for the onboarding:

1.  Introduce yourselves
2.  Go through the onboarding pages and give an overview of where to find other relevant information
3.  Take a tour around the research facility
4.  Arrange a follow-up talk

The purpose of the follow-up talk is to catch up on how you have settled
in. If you have any specific questions you can also ask them. As the
final thing, we encourage you to evaluate the introduction. 

### Help us keep the information up to date

It is your responsibility to update this website if you have encountered
any information that was not up to date and you should add any other
information you would have liked the page to contain. This is a very
important step because it ensures that this material is always current
and helps the next new team member.

> There are [instructions for how to contribute](https://steno-aarhus.github.io/research/CONTRIBUTING.html) available under the Contributing tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are [instructions for how to contribute](/CONTRIBUTING.md) available under the Contributing tab.
```
